Replace "command task" by "Workflow Task" (#2042)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/tctl-v1/workflow/terminate.md

The `tctl workflow terminate` command terminates a [Workflow Execution](/workflows#workflow-execution).

Terminating a running Workflow Execution records a `WorkflowExecutionTerminated` event as the closing event in the History.

> No more [Workflow Task](/tasks#workflow-task) will be scheduled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No more [Workflow Task](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-task) will be scheduled.
```
